feat(core): Support Apollo Federation subscriptions multipart payloads (#3499)
urql-graphql/urql: .changeset/small-cheetahs-jam.md

---
'@urql/core': minor
---

> Support the [Apollo federation spec](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/executing-operations/subscription-multipart-protocol/) for dispatching subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support [Apollo Federation's format](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/executing-operations/subscription-multipart-protocol/) for subscription results in `multipart/mixed` responses (result properties essentially are namespaced on a `payload` key)
```
